
**fix_kwset_chemnames.py**- This script reads in the *input* files **all_factotum_DTXSID_listPresence_2020-09-23.csv** and **missing_chemnames_dashboard_020521.csv** and adds additional chemical names to registed substances in **all_factotum_DTXSID_listPresence_2020-09-23.csv** that have a DTXSID, but did not have a name in a previous release of the CompTox dashboard. The updated file is exported as **factotum_listPresence_092320_updated_chemnames_020621.csv** in the *output* folder.

**DTXSID_bin_presence_absence.py**- This script reads in the file generated in **fix_kwset_chemnames.py**, **factotum_listPresence_092320_updated_chemnames_020621.csv** (located in *output* folder), and the files **SSI_BC_dashboard.csv**, **ToxRefDB_043021_cancer_related.csv**, **ToxRefDB_043021_unique_tested_chemicals.csv**, and **keyword_esc.csv**, all of which are found in the *input* folder. Chemicals in **factotum_listPresence_092320_updated_chemnames_020621.csv** are classified according to their breast cancer risk as a BC (breast cancer associated), NBC (non-breast cancer associated), or UC (unknown). Chemicals were classified according to **SSI_BC_dashboard.csv**, **ToxRefDB_043021_cancer_related.csv**, and **ToxRefDB_043021_unique_tested_chemicals.csv**. Exposure source categories were mapped to keywords for chemicals in **factotum_listPresence_092320_updated_chemnames_020621.csv** according to the mapping in **keyword_esc.csv**. Duplicate chemical/ exposure source category pairs were dropped and a filter is applied for to only retain chemicals that mapped to at least 2 unique exposure source categories. A NxM presence/absence matrix is generated for the N chemicals passing the filter and the M exposure source categories. A value of *1* indicates an association between the chemical and exposure source category, as a value of *0* indicates not association. The matrix, along with the chemical classification, is written to **presence_absence_binary_df.csv** in the *output* folder. Additional supplementary materials are written to **chems_for_analysis_esc_map.csv** as well as a mapping of chemical names/CASRNs/DTXSIDs to **dtxsid_name_cas_ref.csv**. 
