cluster.R- Reads in the presence/absence dataframe **presence_absence_binary_df.csv**  and the name/CASRN/DTXSID mapping **dtxsid_name_cas_ref.csv** from the *output* of *Experiment_1*. The presence/absence data is formatted and divisive hierarchical clustering is run. Chemicals are split into 19 clusters after evaluating **optimal_chemical_clusters_silho.png** and **optimal_chemical_clusters_wss.png**. The data is structured appropriatley, then hierarchical clustering is run on the exposure source categories with the ultimate goal of aiding in interpretation of the results. The presence/absence data is organized both by chemical and exposure source category clusters. This dataframe is exported to the *output* folder as **all_chems_w_cluster.csv**. A heatmap is generated showing this organized presence/absence data and is color coded to show the chemical classification regarding it's association with breast cancer risk (BC, NBC, or UC). The heatmap is saved as **clustered_heatmap.png** in the *figures* folder. An additional summary of chemical clusters is exported as **cluster_summary.csv** in the *output* folder as well as *figures* showing the WSS (**optimal_esc_clusters_wss.png**) and Silhouette profile (**optimal_esc_clusters_silhouette.png**) while evaluating the optimal number of clusters for the exposure source categories.

silho_optimal_chemical_clusters.R- Reads in the presence/absence dataframe **presence_absence_binary_df.csv**  and the name/CASRN/DTXSID mapping **dtxsid_name_cas_ref.csv** from the *output* of *Experiment_1*. The presence/absence data is formatted and divisive hierarchical clustering is run, considering up to 100 clusters of chemicals. The Silhouette metric is calculated for each number of clusters and is exported as **silhouette_data.csv** in *output* and a figure is generated and saved as **optimal_chemical_clusters_silhouette.png** in the *figures* folder.

wss_optimal_chemical_clusters.R- Reads in the presence/absence dataframe **presence_absence_binary_df.csv**  and the name/CASRN/DTXSID mapping **dtxsid_name_cas_ref.csv** from the *output* of *Experiment_1*. The presence/absence data is formatted and divisive hierarchical clustering is run, considering up to 100 clusters of chemicals. The Sum of Squares Within metric is calculated for each number of clusters and is exported as **wss_data.csv** in *output* and a figure is generated and saved as **optimal_chemical_clusters_wss.png** in the *figures* folder.
